Update 2025-10-21-mom-cra-attestations.md (#3)
orcwg/cra-attestations: minutes/2025-10-21-mom-cra-attestations.md

- Set of guidelines target different scenarios that could end up as recommendations that can be shared later next year (6-7 months).  
- The plan is to use this workstream to draft the recommendations to the European Commission.  
- We’ll figure out how to contribute to a potential delegated act on the topic.  
- In later stages, we should develop kind of checklist, it will keep it in mind and revisit it in later stages of the work. Idea proposed \- Use the checklist to build an independent  ISO, etc submission \- or fed into ETSI via an IETF ID-\> RFC stream \-  
- For those who have materials, please open a PR to submit them

### Contribution guidelines \- how to make a proposal

- Open a Pull Request and submit your proposals and contributions \- contact either Æva or Juan in case of problems.

### CRA Attestation workshop @ Code & Compliance

- Introduction to the objectives of the workshop.  
- Maintain the focus on open source and what the CRA points to as a framework for the development of attestations.  
- Breakout sessions, two high-level scopes  
  - Stewards  
  - Independent projects  
- Art. 25 clarifies the entities that are enabled to develop attestations.  

> - How to transition from an independent open source project to a steward \- it won’t be covered during the workshop, but this is an important aspect that should be considered.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We may want to develop guidance on how to transition from an independent open source project to a stewarded project
  - it won’t be covered during the workshop, but this is an important aspect that should be considered
  - would be a useful contribution to public guidance for open source communities
```
